.\" SPDX-FileType: DOCUMENTATION
.\" SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2024 Anna <cyber@sysrq.in>
.\" SPDX-License-Identifier: WTFPL
.\" No warranty
.Dd November 27, 2024
.Dt FIND-WORK 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm find-work
.Nd discover ebuilds to improve
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm
.Op Fl hV
.Nm
.Op Fl qI
.Op Fl m Ar email
.Op Fl C Ar name
.Op Fl R Ar reporter
.Ar module
.Op Ar arg ...
.Ar command
.Op Ar arg ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a fun little tool
that lets you discover what you can do for Gentoo as a package mantainer.
It contains filters to show only packages you might be interested in.
.Pp
.Nm
provides global and module-specific options.
Global options must precede the module name, and are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl h , -help
Display usage information and exit immediately.
.It Fl m Ar email , Fl -maintainer Ar email
Only match packages maintained by the specified person.
.It Fl q , -quiet
Be less verbose.
.It Fl C Ar name , Fl -category Ar name
Only match packages in the given category.
.It Fl I , -installed
Only match installed packages.
.It Fl R Ar reporter, Fl -reporter Ar reporter
Select a reporter to use for output.
.Pp
Use
.Ql find-work -R list
to see available options.
.It Fl V , -version
Display program version and exit immediately.
.El
.Pp
The built-in modules for
.Nm
are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width execute
.It Cm execute Ar command
.Dl Pq alias: Cm exec , Cm e
This module executes custom commands.
.El
.Sh ENVIRONMENT
.Bl -tag -width NO_COLOR
.It Ev NO_COLOR
If defined, disable all color output.
.El
.Sh FILES
The
.Nm
utility reads the following configuration files, if found:
.Bl -bullet -width 1n
.It
.Pa /etc/find-work/config.toml
.It
.Pa ~/.config/find-work/config.toml
.El
.Sh EXIT STATUS
.Ex -std
.Sh AUTHORS
.An -nosplit
The
.Nm find-work
utility was written by
.An Anna Aq Mt cyber@sysrq.in .
